 “Are you sure?” the women asked.
“Yes, I am Chon,” Mary said firmly.
Then, one of the women stepped up, handed the box to Mary, and said: “Open it.”
Excited and nervous, Mary asked, “What is it?”
The woman seemed to hear what Mary had asked, just repeated, “Open it.”
Mary took the box from her, holding it carefully in her hands. This box was much smaller than the other two. “What is in it?” Mary wondered. When Mary raised her head, the two women were boarding on the ship. The door of the lizard ship shut and the ship took off. “What is in the box?” Mary couldn’t help crying out.
Silience filled in the air. It looked like nothing had happen. Mary holding the box stood still. “Should I open it?” she asked herself, “what if it is something terrible?” “Open it,” a voice from her heart said, “It must be something precious, much more valuable than diamonds and gold. Being persuaded, Mary raised her hand, “No!” another voice shouted, “You’re not Chon. You cannot open it.” Mary stopped moving, hesitated. Two voices started arguing with each other. War was on. “If she opens it, she can be rich and she won’t even need to work. Life will be much brighter.” “The box is for Chon, not for Mary. You cannot take possession of other’s property just because of your own desire. Don’t be a theft.”
Mary could not stand this any more. “Stop!” shouted she. The sound echoed in the air. A cool breeze blew, bringing some fresh air for Mary. She decided that she would not open it at this moment. She would wait. Maybe tomorrow or some day in future, the ship would come again, tell what is in the box, or maybe Chon will show up, taking the box back, or maybe the box will open itself or maybe…
The next day, Mary was waken up by the beautiful sunshine. The sky was bright and blue outside, and birds flying by her window wanted to cheer her up. But recalling what had happened yesterday, she could not even force a smile. The box lay on the table in her room still, her heart sinking. Mary went to work as usual, with the box in her bag. She wanted to keep it beside her, not only for security but for her desire as well. The idea that she should open it popped into her mind frequently and unexpectedly. Curiosity still filled her mind. She wanted to open. Every night, she sat on her bed, staring at the box, she lost in her memory about the lizard, the women dressed in silver and of course the box. She found a hope in this whole thing.
Time flied by. After a month, Mary was trapped in the whole thing deeper and deeper. She could not concentrate on her work and neglected her voice that encouraged her to open the box. She failed again and again. The desire to pen the box just got stronger and stronger instead of fading. Now every night, staring at the box, not hopefully but desperately, she cried. She regretted taking the box, yet she could no throw it away. She hoped deeply that Chon would come to take the box back. But things wouldn’t go on as you wish.
Day after day, Mary was tortured by herself. She knew that she couldn’t have any hope on the box. Somehow, she couldn’t get rid of it. After a long battle, Mary determined to throw it away.  
